the money GPS YouTube channel has now
hit
50,000 subscribers this is huge I just
wanted to express my gratitude and
appreciation to each and every one of
you so thank you very much for joining
me here on this channel and I hope that
I have been a positive influence in your
life I hope that I'm able to share the
information that you need to know and
then you go off and expand and do better
things so that's what my goal really is
it's been a long ride I mean this has
been since
2011 and and more recently I've been
doing videos basically every single day
so there are over 1,000 videos here on
my YouTube channel I want to see this
Channel Get Far Beyond 50,000 100,000
and even more and I'm seeing others in
the truth movement who have accelerated
far beyond on me and I'm very happy to
see that because that means that the
truth is something that people desire so
that's a great thing now as I said it's
been a long ride and this was back in
the beginning some of the First videos
that I recorded you can definitely see
things have really changed seems like
I've got a lot more gray hair since then
but here it is and my delivery is still
uh not up to par but I I try to do what
I can I try to bring the information out
I hope you appreciate that you're going
to see new information coming out of me
I'm going to try to bring all different
sorts of things and hope that I will
stay true to the message of Truth